What hapoens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need it?
When you initialize a repository, you create a knew git repo.The initialization done with the 'git init' command. Git however doesn't commit the files in the repo yet because git doesn't know which files you'd like to commit. You can use the 'git status'command to check the status of the new repo and you will see that no commits have been made yet and your files are untracked.

 How is the staging area differnt from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
The working directory is just another directory on your computer which has not yet been committed to git. A reposirory is a directory which has been initialize to git with the 'git init' command. When a directory is initialize to Git, the files are still untracked, by this i mean git has no record of the files in that directory. Staging is the bridge between introducing your files from the working directory into the git repository. Staging doesn't commit the files though. The staging is great because it gives you the opportunity on what files to commit to the repository.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
You can use the staging area to make sure you make one commit per logical change by using 'git diff' command to check which files have been modified but not yet committed. You can stage the file you want to commit  and discard the changes you dont want to commit. You can also use the 'git diff --staged' command to see which changes you are going to modify before committing.

What are some situations when brancehes would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
Branches would be very helpful, if need to tweak the original version of your file to perform a particular task or just for a demo version or to show to friends. With branches you don't have you re-write the code again or copy the whole code into another file to make the changes you want. You just create a branch from the original code, tweak it, stage and commit it and voala...you are through.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
Withe the diagram you can trace each commit to its parent. If you happen to create a commit on another commit which is not a part of the original route a brach, it doesn't show in git commit history if you run 'git log'. To check that commit you will have to copy the commit id. You can create a new brach with the new commit by running 'git checkout -b new_branch_name'